on
Monday time to get back to
why we need puffer
libing was too
uh cool this is why stream stuff it's so
easy to just like come by stream for
support Okay so
I'm sure they'll be here in a second but
um in the
meantime iary
welcome why don't you just go in
VC I can do that if they don't mind
being on uh on stream
well usually I pull people over here
first at least to check
that first your
undergrads you should see you should see
the code written by phds from top places
I'll take a look I also I'm more than
happy to hop in the Discord VC by the
way just if you're if you want to join
there you will be on the Stream So up to
you but I really wish IID started
writing more c um way earlier would have
been a good
time what if I just do
this this magically solve all my
problems
we can all hop
in when did I when did I start mainly
using C like a few months ago I wrote
python for 10
years yeah we're just getting started
man you think I've been writing this for
years no I've been deving for like I've
been deving
for I don't know half my life more than
half my life at this
point but yeah I've been trapped in
Python
H yeah I know very I there were very
very many python induced
depressions yeah Sam let me know what
you want to do I'm happy to help either
way
oh yeah obviously that happens
long
do rather answer question that's good by
me link code if you
can or pay Snippets in
Discord for
that I will say that it is impressive
that having a doctor in another area and
then coming over to programming is
usually a that is usually like a recipe
for code that literally lights your
computer on fire so uh since yours has
not done that
done there are improvements to be made
but progress is
good I missing post from s or I'm just
probably going and finding
code got to keep you somewhat humble
though
because being stubborn about the thing
is the way that it takes 10 years I'm
very stubborn it took 10 years I would
know
link is in
Discord uh must be getting filtered
where was the
link oh I'm dumb I just didn't see it
okay well that's the funny thing is I
would probably fail like entry like uh
undergrad software engineering
interviews but I bet none of them can
build any of this
[Music]
stuff UV very
good drone
ooh drone enin
C I like drone and
vinc this is MIT licensed and it ends up
turning out well I would be very happy
to see you PR this to puffer is this a
course project or is this what is this
maybe one is
shite I also did see a pretty solid
looking envin C before but I'm always
happy to see stuff done puffer
style this is missing a step
function so presumably I'm here to check
the
binding a lot of this stuff not just in
math
presentation very nice well if you want
to PR it I do full code reviews for uh M
that are being contributed to puffer lib
uh and you of course are credited on the
main page of the puffer so if you're
looking to get involved with this stuff
that is a great way to do
it thought there would be an obvious
mistake here but there
isn't no there's no obvious
mistake about here
when you say V1 is their
Branch I might have to clone this to see
what's wrong with
it run the mode on a real drone that
would be
awesome know the read me video demos
so can I just compile
it hang on can I just um
right oh there's no setup.py how do you
do how do you have um scon set
wait how did this how are you compiling
the
go on the wrong
brand puffer
Branch love to see some new puffer
users it's a great
time so it does
compile and then what do we uh what do
we run to get that
error me
say I see the code python simulator
python my typing gets worse at night
because for some reason the drivers on
my keyboard don't work so I don't have
any backlight I have no idea
why no module Nam scyon
this wasn't the error you were getting
right because I have syon
commented at least it doesn't give me a
30% performance penalty and it keeps me
from playing valerant though unfortunate
Ely OverWatch does run on
lenux luckily uh that game is way more
tilting than valerent so I don't spend
too much time on it
there we
go
actions I probably could have fixed this
a lot easier than uh for
ah I see what it
is I see your
problem this would have taken
substantially last time where I awake at
this
hour you made actions two dimensional
and you didn't uh make it two
dimensional in this
ithon wish ithon had better error
messages this is one of my complaints we
may eventually find a better alternative
syon [ __ ] abysmal wait until you try
python oh
5 million steps per second currently on
this if people are not enjoying the scon
I will eventually find a way around that
the reason that the SC P layer was there
in the first place is I thought it would
be a nice intermediary from python to C
for people to like easy when to see but
I now see that actually C is really easy
and uh it's actually just easier than
cython or python for that matter if you
try to make it fast I fixed your
environment so um I'm going to give you
the death and then I'll go back on my
way unless there's anything else
spams there you
go enjoy
be sure to feed the puff or star on
GitHub it helps out a
lot I think you just found something
else
wrong I just fixed it and it ran and it
ran the perf test
looks like they're making one it's
pretty
cool I've been wanting one dose for a
while actually a guy just asked me about
that for physics yesterday I don't know
why I didn't suggest that to him good
thing because it would have been
it I don't know something's
running it's probably just ignoring that
function or something weird who knows
i is this something that I should know
or am I uh am I just the Boomer now that
doesn't keep up with the Zoomer lingo
I I'm getting pretty close to my old man
yells at Clouds
Fades not quite there yet but pretty
soon have to yell at some
younger op yeah wesle may be now yeah
you can be our
same age
28 much of love from England oh okay
it's it's British fling then I'm I'm not
supposed to
you got to be able to outcode the
Boomers we have pipe up
you hang on it's not going to give you a
perfect binary search
points okay so we actually do need to do
this
how can I hack
this oh I know how I can hack
this no but it'll refit the model every
time
burrito I guess like I could
[Music]
do all right enough spamming the puffer
gen serious project for serious and
boring people
popper very serious project just look at
the logo you can see how serious it is
what
170 24
or oh hold on this actually
worked look at
nicely so it did 170 which is
here and then it
did 150 so it went like
here and then did 184 which is here and
did
215 yeah it's doing like a randomized
binary search
perfect oh wait hold
on oh I'm dumb look at this yeah yeah
yeah look
so so there's a c there a couple mess
ups here but this is fine this this is
just the model being
off look it is totally doing like a
binary search type
perfect okay so now we'll have to think
of what to do with
this oh and it's not going to be perfect
because
um do we
include yeah we don't even multiply
by by the Improvement
tricky we have to somehow
specify the uh the Improvement
bot which literally gives you like
several of these a
day so the only thing I can think of
here
Paro H how are so many of these so good
oh cuz they're searching
around existing Paro points
so I guess this is it retrying several
times right it's retrying to get a
parito
point O I don't like that at
all so here we had this one
hang
on oh
wait it's just reporting cost wrong hold
on
let me do that again I normalize this
this
so you go to one so from 100 you go to
130 and then you go to
0 we'll see what that looks like
here so most of these points are pretty
good you can see here it missed a couple
of
did it did
165 it's probably
did it tried to go to 153 but ended up
going to 164
the score 155
okay so it went here and this isn't
Paro so then it went
154 and ended
up
here this is a good
trying to
think how this type of thing
165 so then why would it go from there
to 153
under oh this distance function has to
be wrong
right because look it's
um this distance function has to be
wrong
okay that's
plausible hi
welcome Rito
costs is valid
and
then but wait why do we
have normaliz Pito
scores oh we we don't care about those
anyway we just care
about
pa
question on development and AI
integration sure
reading the words but it's not clicking
in my
brain
I mean anyone here is welcome to take a
look um
maybe it's just late maybe I don't know
my brain is not processing
that I guess you you're saying that you
have
a a posttraining approach for language
models
develop then how do you have a framework
if it's
oh I get you mean that you have a prompt
you mean you have a prompt
I don't necessarily care if stuff is
peer reviewed
but yeah I don't know prompt yes okay so
that's what I there we go
that's not
bad this particular language model drops
in two
wait
unnormalized
freaking wait no this is fine normalize
nearest
mode I'm
confused like there's a voice in our
face
but if uh it takes you a while to read
through the responses then it's a good
option you can't really upgrade it you
can tailor it you can't upgrade it
but yeah if you just stick like your
Specific Instructions in the system
prompt then it'll work better for
you I mean I try not to be too
dismissive here because like if he
actually found like
um you know a useful prompt for uh
dyslexia or something it's the type of
thing that could help some people you're
not going to have a a paper on it I
would say on a prompt most likely but
you could probably post that and help a
bunch of people with
it depending what it
is new error num M when num m is not
three
it's a classic go ahead post
it post the error first
though and if so if the code is pushed
I'll pull it and I'll check
please does
of pointers
specifically just like it's like trying
to interconnect words
together to be
coherent it's like trying to
interconnect words together
I I don't know enough about it to
be able to uh
assess well I didn't mean you can't read
obviously I meant reading
slower often
o yeah actually uh West tier would be a
a good one to chat with on that
yeah you're missing a dimension you need
to add a dimension of three right here
comma
three you see you're trying to give it
dum you're feeding It Dummy actions to
test and this doesn't need to be an INT
either because it's
continuous they
develop new
things you need to find some deps with
the dyslexia could understand
better cuz I can't tell quite exactly
what the problem is you've
addressed yeah Sam it's just um look you
modified the space to be continuous and
you changed the dimension but the sample
you left the same so this data doesn't
match this
space in fact I think that with my new
API you can literally just do m. action
space. sample and it'll give you what
you want just make sure you cach it up
at the top yeah because uh the sampling
is kind of
slow I think m. action space. sample
gives it to you you can just make a big
array of those the idea is to just
generate pregenerate a bunch of random
action
data um so you don't actually include
that in the time of the
points you say your first year so you
might not know how to do this
yet
depending or might not be used to it
no it's 2 a.m. in UK allow it
well it's faster like you would have
figured that out in about 3
seconds see what I you just literally
you just type breakpoint open close
right and when you run this you'll like
it'll stop at that line so all I would
have done is it said line 47 there was
an error right so I would have just put
a break point right
here and then I would have printed out
actions i' printed out this I'd see that
the shape is wrong and then either you
put another one or if you how to use the
debuger you could step around in there
but then you just go
here or you know down here whatever and
you would see oh okay action is the
wrong
shape can do the same thing in your IDE
can do the same thing in a term yep
break point is built into python
if you have an IDE your IDE probably has
a feature I don't everything I write is
just in neovim so they typing breakpoint
works just as
well I hate fantasy tools so much that I
don't use an IDE I use neovim with two
plugins I still use break points
constantly what does that tell you about
how useful they
are
right if I decide that I don't need a
modern IDE whatsoever or pretty much any
plugins but I do need break
points hell I would literally rather
have break points than have any form of
llm code complete
like I'd rather have break points than
super Maven if I could only choose
one cuz super Maven just helps me type a
bit faster
possible I guess this is
possible
oops try na them why was not using break
points yeah no I'm not crazy man
I've been using
um I've been like I deved in just no
plugin VI for like five or six years I
mean I've been using this for the last
bit and
it's I've always use break points it
strikes me as infinitely more insane to
be using a modern IDE in all your fancy
features and no break points than to
just be doing this
like if I see somebody print debugging
in vs code like get
out you don't like my color scheme it's
the best color
scheme high contrast with the puffer
colors
what do you mean zero contrast it's
freaking bright teal on a dark
background what's higher contrast than
that it's bright teal and white are the
two most prominent colors
uh the only other shade of green there's
a very subtle green on like highlighting
the same keyword that I'm hovering
that's just like an on Hover
effect and the only other green is s
which is intentionally low contrast so I
don't use
it self is intentionally obnoxious
terene so that I don't use it
I don't know I just I made this at some
point and I liked it I just used the
puffer colors
see 32
distance and
possible yeah that can't be right by
definition I have an error on the
distance calculation somehow
see well I don't know how I would show
you what I
see Y
fp64
where oh that's just because it's what
torch is doing by
default give me a break I just literally
started coding this thing yesterday or
whatever and just like getting the math
right first is the hard part okay fixing
all the code is very easy
correct because these parito
points there's a big
gap so where does it try to fill in it
tries to fill in
so that's why there's so much space at
the
top because of
this which makes sense based on how I'm
oh wait there's something there is still
something wrong
right
32 now what does it say the cost is
on is it not exact
cuz this is the closest
point so yeah this is what it should
be this is based on the data this is the
best point for to
and then it's going to
go 149 which is going to be
like uh was it
one
plus yep it's very
close and then it should go high
High cuz the last one was 167 yeah so
189 is spot
on oh hang on wait it can't have a
distance of 14 though
it can't have a distance of
14 I should
have okay we go again we go away again
until we find an impossible point
154 damn it the first one was
literally
forgot
okay no I want something that actually
has a 200 point
too
DSE I'm looking for data that's going to
be easy to debug
173 distance
[Music]
27 this checks out
right wait 27.4 does not checked out
function
still who said you should make a
function and not see if you'll only call
it once
who told you
good reply your own [ __ ] code dumbass
good
oh God damn it man this is a library we
just we paste this into the top of
everything you see the reason this is
separated is because this wasn't just
written for pong we just paste this into
the top of all the environments so now
you have logging
yeah this wasn't done to like separate
it out from the it was done because like
we just we use the same logging for
everything and we just paste it in and
we just add whatever variables you
yeah I was going to say I generally
don't let people do
that generally the two reasons I will
make a
function is uh if logic is getting way
too deeply
nested not even always then as you can
see here it's like yeah
whatever I probably could clean up a few
little things here but you
know um if logic is getting too Nest too
deeply nested you can make a
function and if you're going to have to
copy and paste like several lines of
code not just one line of code but sever
several lines of code then you can make
a function or if you're going to have to
copy and paste like a line or two of
code but very many times like f Min f is
a on line function right
but
it [ __ ] complaining about our
logging
being a our logging not being fully
integrated do you know what I've had to
wait through in the last several days
the research code that I've had to look
at try like eight layers deep of nested
functions that go in circles and don't
do
anything you speak of the S house I've
been
there welcome to the nine people who are
randomly watching me at 8:4 4 p.m. on
Monday I hope you enjoy your day we will
figure out this last hyper parameter
thing and I will go to sleep i' would
like to figure this out
though it doesn't seem
quite quite
right
cost oh wait this is a conservative cost
me inst still I mess this up
165 right on the
money okay so this is why the
loging and you've been doing this stuff
long enough it's
like no
joke drive you
mad okay so now I actually should be
able to at least review this
right let's get a good one of these to
review then we'll make sure it's
actually doing something like Binet
resarch it's actually hilarious that you
can Implement Binet resarch this
way I never thought about it it's a very
inefficient way to implement binary
search uh for most applications but for
this it's great
okay perfect so
160 160 cost is right in between 123 and
perfect 180 it went high now it should
go low to
one it should go low to 140
it shot a little bit high at 150 but
close enough
right now it went down to
140 cuz it overshot
before what's this
one no I don't like this one
will somebody please explain to me
how neither of
these predicted
huh
yeah that's really
weird
it's actually trying perfectly
right it's trying to do a perfect binary
search and it's just the model
prediction screw it up
why does it think 173 is a good spot to
be clost distance of
finally no there's legitimately that big
of a gap
yeah it's perfectly
on so the scoring is perfect the model
is just
bad am I actually going to click this
stupid thing
I don't know why the hell it's so
funny oh
I don't know why that's so damn funny
but holy
hell stupid thingy
linked
stupid that is so
L is
[Music]
fine it's perfectly fine scripting
language
low what the
hell they made their own okay when you
make your own language it's no longer
I will admit one thing for the uh the
Zoomers though um if you like just mute
the chat and you turn off all like the
random premium stuff with the streamer
mode so it doesn't have all all the
cringe Zoomer music fortnite is actually
a fun
game that's the only thing I will give
Zoomers
oh and turn out turn off the tower
building mode as well because you know
autistic Timmy building a tower on you
is like I got no time for
this it's especially fun when you can't
aim because aiming in that game is very
easy
all these like ton of player games all
have the same problem there's too much
downtime i' got an hour and a half to
play I don't want to spend half of it in
the lobby
I didn't have time to play games like at
all all through High School except
rarely on some Vacations
so it's probably why I'm bad at
everything is I never got the uh FPS
experience in when I was younger
that's okay you
can you can uh
and
solid make sure you get uh components
that
work oh you want to know something
really
funny uh you know when I got my
license my driver's
license most likely about a month and a
half from
now I just never bothered to do it
does this work if you divide
it by cost
it's a rhetorical question I'm thinking
out
loud it's half the reason I
stream it keeps my thoughts on track
because I think out loud
more but I don't get distracted by chat
too much
so the first term in this this
unnormalized SC me minus nearest parito
score we're going to ignore that for a
bit so let's just say that that is the
linear term that's a linear distance
it's going to just be equal to the cost
difference as well
Paro what if we just took the score
difference to be
one then it's distance to nearest parito
divided by cost
but there needs to be some way of
biasing you so that you don't
freaking sample Max
actually meant for
it or better yet go lift some
I got 80 lb adjustable dumbbells here in
my
room need to use them more oh you got
bumpers very good my bumpers arrive on
Wednesday only thing I can really do
well then go do that be pissed off is
good to wait
if you do some sort of improvement and
you multiply it if you do like some
reasonable form of
improvement and then you multiply by
this to nearest
parito you uncover binary search
essentially uh in the case where your
gussian processes are
optimal I really like that as a
property if I divide by cost I buy a
it so that means that I have to control
the cost
term only via estimates of
is but only again if you have a
reasonable estimate of uncertainty
and specifically it has to be a metric
that goes it has to be a term that
cancels out when the model is
I think that if we swap the cost
model I think if we do this
maybe we consider swapping the cost
model but definitely we figure out why
the variance terms don't line up we use
this formula we use a conservative
estimate of variance a conservative
estimate of cost and a conservative
estimate of score then this should give
us what we want because the conservative
estimate becomes the true estimate
when the proc the gum process is
cardio and the only thing I have to make
sure
of well no I don't have to make sure of
anything if I do that I'm just
good well I guess yeah I have to make
sure that the initial
support is in the lowc cost region which
which it will be if I'm taking lowcost
initial random
samples which you might not even want
initial lowcost random samples you might
want to start it from the
yep the only problem I have left will be
something I can solve on its own which
will
be the problem of understanding the
variance estimate nealan process I think
we're good I think we' have made Solid
progress I'm going to leave myself a
note this
x
s
is use
there is much more work to
do but we are good for tonight um for
folks
watching thanks for tuning in if you are
interested in following all the stuff
that I do it's all on puffer doai you
can start the GitHub it really helps us
out when you start the GitHub it's
free you can join the Discord this is
where we organize all the dev if you
want to get involved
we have all sorts of demos and examples
on the website they're all playable as
well watch the RL agents you can take
over for the RL Agents from very simple
to very very
complex if you're looking to get into RL
or you want some information on some of
the latest improvements to RL we've got
a nice blog here and if you want even
more
content you can follow us on x
follow me on
X where there's some additional articles
there that you can't find anywhere else
as well as all my posts on
RL I will be back
tomorrow live pretty much every day
now just streaming all the dev on this
so thank you and uh do feed the puffer a
star he's hungry